# WGAN_Code

This repository refers to the paper:  
**“Generative Artificial Intelligence for Air Shower Simulation”** [[1]](#1)

---

📁 Repository Structure

`2025-09-14_10_05_29_WGAN_GP_corsika_NotConditioned_exceptfirst4_weigdecay_bigkernel`
This folder contains the trained network models.  
Only the epochs selected as *“good epochs”, used to build the final ensemble (see [[1]](#1)), are included.

It also provides:
- A `.csv` file with detailed training configurations and parameters  
- A `.txt` file describing the data format and interpretation

---

`Code_for_Figures`
This folder includes the scripts used to reproduce the figures presented in the paper.

---

 `GAN_training_codes`
This folder contains the source code used to implement and train the WGAN models.

---

 `Statistics`
This folder contains additional statistical analysis files. They are used in `Code_for_Figures` files.

It includes:
- `N Particles 1e6_1e7.csv`: Statistics on the number of particles for each Monte Carlo (MC) event  
- `Statistiche_distr_num_part.csv`: Analysis of the Wasserstein distance and summary statistics of the particle-number distributions for the data generated by the selected “good epochs”.

---

Version_compatibility`
This folder contains files related to software and environment compatibility.

It includes:
- `requirements.txt`: list of Python dependencies and package versions used in the project  
- `PythonVersion.txt`: specifies the Python version used in this work (Python 3.12.3)

---

📌 Notes
- The repository is intended to support reproducibility of the results presented in [[1]](#1).
- For full methodological details, please refer to the original publication.
- The data are not included in the repository due to storage constraints and will be made available upon request.

---

References

<a id="1">[1]</a>  
C. Bozza, A. Calivà, A. De Caro, D. De Gruttola, S. De Pasquale, L.A. Fusco, G. Messuti, C. Poirè, S. Scarpetta, T. Virgili (2026).  
*Generative Artificial Intelligence for Air Shower Simulation*.  
**Computer Physics Communications**.  
DOI: 10.1016/j.cpc.2026.110141
